Freshness pass on comparing strings (#40030)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/how-to/compare-strings.md

---
title: "How to compare strings - C# Guide"
description: Learn how to compare and order string values, with or without case, with or without culture specific ordering.
ms.date: 03/15/2024
helpviewer_keywords:
    - "strings [C#], comparison"
    - "comparing strings [C#]"
---

# How to compare strings in C\#

You compare strings to answer one of two questions: "Are these two strings equal?" or "In what order should these strings be placed when sorting them?"

> Multiple factors that affect string comparisons complicate those two questions:

Reviewer: I like the original version better, although I know Acrolinx probably doesn't.

Author: I did too:

```suggestion
Those two questions are complicated by factors that affect string comparisons:
```
